Port MASTG-TEST-0032: Testing WebView Protocol Handlers (android) (#3177)
OWASP/owasp-mastg: demos/android/MASVS-PLATFORM/MASTG-DEMO-0030/MASTG-DEMO-0030.md

The script performs the following steps:

1. Enumerates all instances of `WebView` in the application.
2. For each `WebView` instance, it calls the `getSettings()` method to retrieve the current settings.
3. Prints the configuration values of the `WebView` settings.
4. Prints a backtrace when the `getSettings()` method is called to help identify where in the code the settings are being accessed.

## Observation

The output shows that Frida found one WebView instance and lists many of the WebView settings. A backtrace is also provided to help identify where in the code the settings are being accessed.

{{ output.txt }}

We can also see how the sensitive data was exfiltrated to the attacker's server by inspecting the server logs.

{{ output_server.txt }}

## Evaluation

The test **fails** due to the following WebView settings being configured:

{{ evaluation.txt }}

Note that the method `setAllowContentAccess` is not explicitly called in the code. However, using this approach we can't really tell since we're inspecting the WebView settings after they have been configured.

> As indicated by the backtrace in the output, the settings were called in the `mastgTest` method of the `MastgTestWebView` class. Since this app is a demo and symbols aren't stripped, we can even see the exact file and line number where the settings were configured: `MastgTestWebView.kt:25`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As indicated by the backtrace in the output, the settings were called in the `mastgTest` method of the `MastgTestWebView` class. Since this app is a demo and symbols aren't stripped, we can even see the exact file and line number where the settings were configured: `MastgTestWebView.kt:25`.
```
Since this is Java, you'll always be able to see this. I would also say that symbols are more a native thing ('java symbols' isn't really a thing imo) and they are only removed by proguard/rasp

Author: You're right that Java stack traces are typically visible. However, in a production app, especially when ProGuard/R8 is applied with default settings, we usually won't see detailed info like exact file names or line numbers, unless explicitly configured to keep them. So while class and method names may be obfuscated, line numbers are also stripped by default. In this demo app, since there's no obfuscation, we can see both the method name and the line number (`MastgTestWebView.kt:25`), which wouldn't usually be the case in a production build.

```suggestion
As indicated by the backtrace in the output, the settings were called in the `mastgTest` method of the `MastgTestWebView` class. Since this app is a demo and code obfuscation tools like ProGuard or R8 are not applied, we can even see the exact file name and line number where the settings were configured: `MastgTestWebView.kt:25`. In a production build, this information is typically removed or obfuscated unless explicitly preserved.
```
